# Weekly Meeting

**Date:** 2018-03-13 (Europe), 2018-03-14 (East Asia)

## Attendees

* [x] Alison
* [x] Bill
* [ ] Evy - Apology
* [ ] Luisa - Apology
* [ ] Sabine - Apology
* [x] Christie

## Topics

* Agreed that slightly different elements in our prototypes are worth exploring.
* Need user journey map.
* Should we combine different elements into one prototype? or test different prototype individually?


## Actions

* Make a user journey - @Alison, @Christie
* Document options for rounding up transactions - @Bill
* Can have meetings with specific agenda with specific members, post it in the Slack, Let people know about the meeting, anyone can join but not have to.  
* We keep the regular meeting but less frequently. 

